DPPA.md, before:

# Deliberative Process Protection Act (DPPA)

A bill to ensure all candidate legislation receives adequate deliberation before coming to a vote.

## Bill Text

Except in cases of [imminent national threat](#imminent-national-threat), no bill may be brought to a floor vote until:

1. A final typed copy of the bill in machine searchable format, including all amendments or alterations, has been prepared.
2. The document described in clause #1 has been delivered to all members of the legislative body.
3. A review period of no less than 24 hours has elapsed between the delivery of the document (see clause #2) and the bill being brought to a vote.

When a bill is brought to a vote, the document being voted upon is that document delivered in clause #2. Any amendments or alterations offered after the preparation (clause #1), including annotations or hand-written notes, are not considered part of the bill being brought to vote.

## Effective Date
So as not to impede other bills already in the deliberative process, the effective date of this bill shall be 48 hours after passage.

## Definitions
### Imminent National Threat

Imminent National Threat is defined as an event or situation to which the legislative body must respond expeditiously. Examples may include authorization of war powers or emergency funding to respond to natural disasters.

Commit message:

Adding requirement that prepared document be posted online.

DPPA.md, after:

# Deliberative Process Protection Act (DPPA)

A bill to ensure all candidate legislation receives adequate deliberation before coming to a vote.

## Bill Text

Except in cases of [imminent national threat](#imminent-national-threat), no bill may be brought to a floor vote until:

1. A final typed copy of the bill in machine searchable format, including all amendments or alterations, has been prepared and posted online for public review.
2. The document described in clause #1 has been delivered to all members of the legislative body.
3. A review period of no less than 24 hours has elapsed between the delivery of the document (see clause #2) and the bill being brought to a vote.

When a bill is brought to a vote, the document being voted upon is that document delivered in clause #2. Any amendments or alterations offered after the preparation (clause #1), including annotations or hand-written notes, are not considered part of the bill being brought to vote.

## Effective Date
So as not to impede other bills already in the deliberative process, the effective date of this bill shall be 48 hours after passage.

## Definitions
### Imminent National Threat

Imminent National Threat is defined as an event or situation to which the legislative body must respond expeditiously. Examples may include authorization of war powers or emergency funding to respond to natural disasters.
